# Welcome

Please branch from master when making additions and submit PR when done adding feature.

## Introduction

Generative Adversarial Networks (GAN) have gained immense popularity in the ML community. One of the reasons of this is the interesting visual representations it can offer. Images are generated by the neural network and can lead to very eerie and realistic findings. The fact that the GANs can learn any data distribution has huge potential for its usages. This potential goes both ways. It can be used to generate fake images, videos or voice recordings to spread fake news and mislead masses. This problem is nothing compared to the issues machine learning engineers have to deal with when using small datasets. The issue that can arise when trying to fit a neural network on a small dataset is the that the model over fits the data. Ideally, more (labeled) data would solve this problem. However, most of the time engineers already go to great lengths to obtain the data and simply obtaining more of it is not a feasable solution.

This changed when Ian Goodfellow introduced GANs, that can mimic the dataset and generate more samples. Currently, one can use GAN to generate random images that look likes it originates from the training set. Nevertheless, there are scenarios where random images that look like the originals are not sufficient. For example, a highly imbalanced dataset with fewer samples of a particular class. Or cases where the model needs specific variations of the dataset to generalize better. Therefore, it is highly desired to have some control over the generated output of the GAN. This project will aim to bring this to reality.

## Dataset

We have chosen the dataset containing images of different dining rooms from the [LSUN dataset](https://www.yf.io/p/lsun). We have chosen this dataset as it has many aspects we can try to control such as the presence of tables, chairs etc.

## Workflow

1. Create working model 
2. Train it on the images in the dataset
3. Optimize
4. Visualize results and intermediate filters
5. Investigate latent space (noise  vectors) and extract information from the generation process
6. Manipulate input to get desired generated results
